hello everybody Pete here I've been
asked more than once how do i stream
clash of clans from my phone
specifically my Android device
lots of people use Apple devices and how
they do theirs is what however they do
theirs I don't know how they do theirs
I can only speak to Android so I'm here
to show you how I do that there's a
couple of things you're gonna need first
before we go into the setups first of
all I'm assuming you already know how to
use OBS and I assume you also know how
to add a plug-in to OBS so I'm gonna
skip over all that you don't know how to
do that honestly there's plenty of
YouTube videos on how to add a plug-in
on OBS so here's the plugin you need to
get
that is video source plugin google it
really easy to find I'll put the link in
the YouTube video comments or
description or whatever
and this is the plugin you're going to
use you're gonna put it into OBS great
awesome
dandy secondly
you need
screen stream mirroring it's an app on
the Play Store let me show you that
okay sometimes it does this but okay you
just have to move your phone around
anyways
this I'm streaming from my phone at this
point in time
to OBS anyways screen stream earring and
there's a free version right below it
the free version gives you the same
features as the paid version but only
for five minutes and basically allows
you to use the app without having to pay
for it to make sure it will actually
work for you right it cool
let's go there from here
okay so things tonight this is the
settings that are important for you
streaming mode set to PLC only or TCP
that's important we're not gonna be
using VLC or article it stands for but
it's a program for the computer we're
not going to be using VLC if we need is
that plug-in that brought up earlier
that I told you to install secondly
there's a cool thing where there one
cool feature by the way I'm not being
paid by a screen stream they it is a
paid app I don't see a dime from it they
never approached me about doing this
video let me just throw that out there
so don't think I'm trying to push them
it's just what I use and it works well
I'll leave it at that but they did add a
new cool feature where you can have a
camera on the overlay or on the phone
screen which will be streamed to the to
OBS so if you don't want to sit by your
computer and still have your camera on
our camera on you and have that now
pretty cool alright the other important
things are the resolution okay
according format encoding format and
pick four I just I think it's default
that's what I haven't said to resolution
720p don't need more than that 1080p you
can do but think of the amount of
bandwidth it'll take and honestly the
quality differences nothing
encoding bitrate is something you're
going to need to play with
I set mine to 4,000 it's about the peak
where I can do it and still be around my
computer
my router is next to my computer which
is in my office I can walk around to the
front of my house and it seems to work
fine going through brick but again if
you're having problems with the quality
or being jittery or laggy you're
dropping out adjust these settings as
needed
max framerate 28 frames per second it's
set to 30 I was like you know what I can
drop two frames and save more bandwidth
so what a rotate on ya those these are
all those settings that you can kind of
just play with if you want to so one
thing to note before I switch screens
back to my desktop
it says Mearing available at TCP colon
slash slash 192 168 to hundred dot by
our colon five thousand or five thousand
remember that or have that you'll have
it in your hand when you're setting up
OBS but let's go back to OBS now and
show you how I have my settings okay so
at this point you've already added the
source a global source with the video
capture through the plugins okay
so you have the source name to whatever
you want I set mine to s 5 screen as
that's what my I'm you know I have an S
4 so I have it installed them in as well
so so you add the source adjust it and
this is where when I said you know
remember that I address TCP colon slash
slash buh-buh-buh-buh-buh okay you enter
that in here you hit plus a lot of
people just enter it and close oh close
out okay there's actually nothing in the
playlist it's looking for like a series
of videos but we're just going to give
it this and this is the output of screen
stream from your phone to your computer
the resolution 1280 by 720 because we're
again streaming at 7:20 so after that
you know adjust as needed and honestly
that you should be set up you have any
problems feel free to contact me somehow
I'm on either through YouTube or Twitter
you know not really here for tech
support but if any other you know tips
and tricks I'll try to get back to you
if I can but also guys that's it that's
as simple as it is as far as your
overlays and all the other stuff like
that
now you here on your own I just told you
how to put the video on OBS you can
handle the rest
alright guys I mean all of your
collector raids have full collectors and
their town halls exposed and yeah
see you guys later